docs: Update profiling docs (#15369)
influxdata/telegraf: docs/PROFILING.md

# Profiling

Telegraf uses the standard package `net/http/pprof`. This package serves via
its HTTP server runtime profiling data in the format expected by the pprof
visualization tool.

## Enable profiling

By default, the profiling is turned off. To enable profiling users need to
specify the pprof address config parameter `pprof-addr`. For example:

```shell
telegraf --config telegraf.conf --pprof-addr localhost:6060
```

## Profiles

To view all available profiles, open the URL specified in a browser. For
example, open `http://localhost:6060/debug/pprof/` in your browser.

To look at the heap profile:

```shell
go tool pprof http://localhost:6060/debug/pprof/heap
```

To look at a 30-second CPU profile:

```shell
go tool pprof http://localhost:6060/debug/pprof/profile?seconds=30
```

## Generate heap image

> It is very helpful to generate an image to visual see what heap memory is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is very helpful to generate an image to visualize what heap memory is used.
```
